# Go API Server for tmf638

## TMF API Reference : TMF 638 - Service Inventory Management

 Version 4.0 

The intent of this API is to provide a consistent/standardized mechanism to query and manipulate the Service inventory.

The Service Inventory API can be used to query the service instances for a customer via Self Service Portal or the Call Centre operator can query the service instances on behalf of the customer while a customer may have a complaint or a query.
Note: Only the CustomerFacingServices instances will be presented to the customer.

The Service Inventory API can be called by the Service Order Management to create a new service instance/ update an existing service instance in the Service Inventory.

### Service resource
Service is an abstract base class for defining the Service hierarchy. All Services are characterized as either being possibly visible and usable by a Customer or not. This gives rise to the two subclasses of  Service: CustomerFacingService and ResourceFacingService.

### Service Inventory API performs the following operations on service  :
- Retrieve  a service or a collection of services depending on filter criteria
- Partial update of a service (including updating rules)
- Create a service (including default values and creation rules and for administration users only)
- Delete a service (for administration users only)
- Notification of events on service

Copyright (c)TM Forum 2019. All Rights Reserved.

## Overview
This server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.
By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.
-

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README](https://openapi-generator.tech)

- API version: 4.0.0
- Build date: 2022-11-07T15:25:01.463+02:00[Europe/Athens]


### Running the server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
go run main.go
```

To run the server in a docker container
```
docker build --network=host -t tmf638 .
```

Once image is built use
```
docker run --rm -it tmf638
```
